I have a request someone I want to see
Sherlock Holmes you and I about together
on a journey that will twist the very
fabric of nature allow me to enlighten
you Tamar over the world as you know it
will then where there isn't any time to
waste them mister
make a considerable difference to having
someone with me on whom I can thoroughly
Oh Lord Blackwood the witness stated
them so Lord Blackwood rise from the
grave an eraser force that will alter
the course of the world
brilliant as you are and infinitely more
devious we'll see about that
nice touch constantly studying your
methods should the authority has asked
me to answer down those leave the case
alone kiss really save a bullet was
oh that about saving words first point
attack right yeah to throw three cracked
ribs
in summary utilized you've never
complained about my methods before I
never complain when I complain about you
practicing the violin at three in the
morning
your general lack of hygiene or your
experiment on my dog skill the dog again
I wanted to change the world
but I'll set for ending yours I wish you
would
get that out of my face it's not in your
face it's in my hand okay what's in your
hand out of my face uh they've been
flirting like this for hours
are we in trouble
what you have the grand gift of silence
makes you quite invaluable companion